The World Wide Web, also known
as the web for short, is a
system that allows us to find
information, UBLISH content and
get things done using the
Internet.
The documents on the web are
called webages, which usually
display information an provide
clickable links to other related
webages.
Webages have gotten more and
more interactive and robust, and
they exist for a wide variety of
uses.
You can visit shopping websites
to purchase goods online,
airline websites to book
flights, or the social media
pages of your friends and
relatives to keep U with what
they're doing.
Every webage has an address on
the Internet called a URL, which
stands for Uniform Resource
Locator.
To view a webage, you type its
URL into a software tool called
a web browser.
Typing an address into a web
browser is similar to dialing a
phone number on a phone.
Just like how dialing a phone
number connects you to a
specific phone, typing a URL
connects you to the location
that webage is stored called a
web server, which loads the
webages onto our screens so we
can read and interact with them.
O By using the web, we can
access almost any type of
information from anywhere with
an Internet connection.